# IO.Swagger - the C# library for the My API

No description provided (generated by Swagger Codegen https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v1
- SDK version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.CSharpClientCodegen

<a name="frameworks-supported"></a>
## Frameworks supported
- .NET 4.0 or later
- Windows Phone 7.1 (Mango)

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## Dependencies
- [RestSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RestSharp) - 105.1.0 or later
- [Json.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 7.0.0 or later
- [JsonSubTypes](https://www.nuget.org/packages/JsonSubTypes/) - 1.2.0 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommend using [NuGet] (https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:
```
Install-Package RestSharp
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
Install-Package JsonSubTypes
```

NOTE: RestSharp versions greater than 105.1.0 have a bug which causes file uploads to fail. See [RestSharp#742](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/issues/742)

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation
Run the following command to generate the DLL
- [Mac/Linux] `/bin/sh build.sh`
- [Windows] `build.bat`

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using IO.Swagger.Api;
using IO.Swagger.Client;
using IO.Swagger.Model;
```
<a name="packaging"></a>
## Packaging

A `.nuspec` is included with the project. You can follow the Nuget quickstart to [create](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#create-the-package) and [publish](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#publish-the-package) packages.

This `.nuspec` uses placeholders from the `.csproj`, so build the `.csproj` directly:

```
nuget pack -Build -OutputDirectory out IO.Swagger.csproj
```

Then, publish to a [local feed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/local-feeds) or [other host](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/overview) and consume the new package via Nuget as usual.

<a name="getting-started"></a>
## Getting Started

```csharp
using System;
using System.Diagnostics;
using IO.Swagger.Api;
using IO.Swagger.Client;
using IO.Swagger.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public void main()
        {

            // Configure API key authorization: Bearer
            Configuration.Default.ApiKey.Add("Authorization", "YOUR_API_KEY");
            // Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
            // Configuration.Default.ApiKeyPrefix.Add("Authorization", "Bearer");

            var apiInstance = new AccountApi();

            try
            {
                // An end-point that simply returns Unauthorized. It is redirected to by the runtime when an unauthorized request  to an end-point with the [Authorize] attribute is encountered.
                apiInstance.V1AccountAccessDeniedGet();
            }
            catch (Exception e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling AccountApi.V1AccountAccessDeniedGet: " + e.Message );
            }

        }
    }
}
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountAccessDeniedGet**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountaccessdeniedget) | **GET** /v1/Account/access-denied | An end-point that simply returns Unauthorized. It is redirected to by the runtime when an unauthorized request  to an end-point with the [Authorize] attribute is encountered.
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountChangePasswordPost**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountchangepasswordpost) | **POST** /v1/Account/change-password | Allows the user to change his password.
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountForgotPasswordPost**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountforgotpasswordpost) | **POST** /v1/Account/forgot-password | Use this endpoint to request a password reset link, which is send to the user's email address.
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountLoginPost**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountloginpost) | **POST** /v1/Account/login | This endpoint allows the user to sign in to his account by providing valid username and password.
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountLogoutPost**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountlogoutpost) | **POST** /v1/Account/logout | Logs the currently authenticated user out of the system.
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountRegisterPost**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountregisterpost) | **POST** /v1/Account/register | Register a new user in the REST-API
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountResetPasswordConfirmationGet**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountresetpasswordconfirmationget) | **GET** /v1/Account/reset-password-confirmation | Get the view associated with the ResetPasswordConfirmation page.
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountResetPasswordGet**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountresetpasswordget) | **GET** /v1/Account/reset-password | Gets the view associated with the ResetPassword page.
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountResetPasswordPost**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountresetpasswordpost) | **POST** /v1/Account/reset-password | Attempts to change the given user's password. If the DTO did not contain valid information simply returns the view with  the current information that the user has specified.
*AccountApi* | [**V1AccountSetPasswordPost**](docs/AccountApi.md#v1accountsetpasswordpost) | **POST** /v1/Account/set-password | Creates a new password for the currently authenticated user.
*ChoiceApi* | [**V1ChoiceByIdDelete**](docs/ChoiceApi.md#v1choicebyiddelete) | **DELETE** /v1/Choice/{id} | Delete the GirafRest.Models.Choice choice with the specified id.
*ChoiceApi* | [**V1ChoiceByIdGet**](docs/ChoiceApi.md#v1choicebyidget) | **GET** /v1/Choice/{id} | Read the GirafRest.Models.Choice choice with the specified id ID and  check if the user is authorized to see it.
*ChoiceApi* | [**V1ChoiceByIdPut**](docs/ChoiceApi.md#v1choicebyidput) | **PUT** /v1/Choice/{id} | Update info of a GirafRest.Models.Choice choice.
*ChoiceApi* | [**V1ChoicePost**](docs/ChoiceApi.md#v1choicepost) | **POST** /v1/Choice | Create a new GirafRest.Models.Choice choice.
*DayApi* | [**V1DayByIdPut**](docs/DayApi.md#v1daybyidput) | **PUT** /v1/Day/{id} | Updates a specified day of the week with the given id.
*DepartmentApi* | [**V1DepartmentByIdCitizensGet**](docs/DepartmentApi.md#v1departmentbyidcitizensget) | **GET** /v1/Department/{id}/citizens | Gets the citizen names.
*DepartmentApi* | [**V1DepartmentByIdGet**](docs/DepartmentApi.md#v1departmentbyidget) | **GET** /v1/Department/{id} | Get the department with the specified id.
*DepartmentApi* | [**V1DepartmentGet**](docs/DepartmentApi.md#v1departmentget) | **GET** /v1/Department | Get all departments registered in the database or search for a department name as a query string.
*DepartmentApi* | [**V1DepartmentPost**](docs/DepartmentApi.md#v1departmentpost) | **POST** /v1/Department | Create a new department. it's only necesary to supply the departments name
*DepartmentApi* | [**V1DepartmentResourceByDepartmentIDPost**](docs/DepartmentApi.md#v1departmentresourcebydepartmentidpost) | **POST** /v1/Department/resource/{departmentID} | Add a resource to the given department. After this call, the department owns the resource and it is available to all its members.
*DepartmentApi* | [**V1DepartmentResourceDelete**](docs/DepartmentApi.md#v1departmentresourcedelete) | **DELETE** /v1/Department/resource | Removes a resource from the users department.
*DepartmentApi* | [**V1DepartmentUserByDepartmentIDDelete**](docs/DepartmentApi.md#v1departmentuserbydepartmentiddelete) | **DELETE** /v1/Department/user/{departmentID} | Removes a user from a given department.
*DepartmentApi* | [**V1DepartmentUserByDepartmentIDPost**](docs/DepartmentApi.md#v1departmentuserbydepartmentidpost) | **POST** /v1/Department/user/{departmentID} | Add a user to the given department.
*ErrorApi* | [**V1ErrorGet**](docs/ErrorApi.md#v1errorget) | **GET** /v1/Error | 
*ErrorApi* | [**V1ErrorPost**](docs/ErrorApi.md#v1errorpost) | **POST** /v1/Error | 
*PictogramApi* | [**V1PictogramByIdDelete**](docs/PictogramApi.md#v1pictogrambyiddelete) | **DELETE** /v1/Pictogram/{id} | Delete the GirafRest.Models.Pictogram pictogram with the specified id.
*PictogramApi* | [**V1PictogramByIdGet**](docs/PictogramApi.md#v1pictogrambyidget) | **GET** /v1/Pictogram/{id} | Read the GirafRest.Models.Pictogram pictogram with the specified id id and  check if the user is authorized to see it.
*PictogramApi* | [**V1PictogramByIdImageGet**](docs/PictogramApi.md#v1pictogrambyidimageget) | **GET** /v1/Pictogram/{id}/image | Read the image of a given pictogram as raw.
*PictogramApi* | [**V1PictogramByIdImagePut**](docs/PictogramApi.md#v1pictogrambyidimageput) | **PUT** /v1/Pictogram/{id}/image | Update the image of a GirafRest.Models.Pictogram pictogram with the given Id.
*PictogramApi* | [**V1PictogramByIdImageRawGet**](docs/PictogramApi.md#v1pictogrambyidimagerawget) | **GET** /v1/Pictogram/{id}/image/raw | Reads the raw pictogram image.  You are allowed to read all public pictograms aswell as your own pictograms   or any pictograms shared within the department
*PictogramApi* | [**V1PictogramByIdPut**](docs/PictogramApi.md#v1pictogrambyidput) | **PUT** /v1/Pictogram/{id} | Update info of a GirafRest.Models.Pictogram pictogram.
*PictogramApi* | [**V1PictogramGet**](docs/PictogramApi.md#v1pictogramget) | **GET** /v1/Pictogram | Get all public GirafRest.Models.Pictogram pictograms available to the user  (i.e the public pictograms and those owned by the user (PRIVATE) and his department (PROTECTED)).
*PictogramApi* | [**V1PictogramPost**](docs/PictogramApi.md#v1pictogrampost) | **POST** /v1/Pictogram | Create a new GirafRest.Models.Pictogram pictogram.
*RoleApi* | [**V1RoleAdminByUsernameDelete**](docs/RoleApi.md#v1roleadminbyusernamedelete) | **DELETE** /v1/Role/admin/{username} | 
*RoleApi* | [**V1RoleAdminByUsernamePost**](docs/RoleApi.md#v1roleadminbyusernamepost) | **POST** /v1/Role/admin/{username} | Adds the user to the Admin role
*RoleApi* | [**V1RoleGet**](docs/RoleApi.md#v1roleget) | **GET** /v1/Role | Gets the role of a given user
*RoleApi* | [**V1RoleGuardianByUsernameDelete**](docs/RoleApi.md#v1roleguardianbyusernamedelete) | **DELETE** /v1/Role/guardian/{username} | Removes the user from the Guardian role
*RoleApi* | [**V1RoleGuardianByUsernamePost**](docs/RoleApi.md#v1roleguardianbyusernamepost) | **POST** /v1/Role/guardian/{username} | Adds a specified user to the Guardian role
*StatusApi* | [**V1StatusDatabaseGet**](docs/StatusApi.md#v1statusdatabaseget) | **GET** /v1/Status/database | 
*StatusApi* | [**V1StatusGet**](docs/StatusApi.md#v1statusget) | **GET** /v1/Status | 
*UserApi* | [**V1UserApplicationsByUsernameDelete**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userapplicationsbyusernamedelete) | **DELETE** /v1/User/applications/{username} | Delete an application from the given user's list of applications.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserApplicationsByUsernamePost**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userapplicationsbyusernamepost) | **POST** /v1/User/applications/{username} | Adds an application to the specified user's list of applications.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserByIdIconGet**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userbyidiconget) | **GET** /v1/User/{id}/icon | Allows the user to retrieve his profile icon.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserByIdIconRawGet**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userbyidiconrawget) | **GET** /v1/User/{id}/icon/raw | Allows the user to retrieve his profile icon.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserByUsernameGet**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userbyusernameget) | **GET** /v1/User/{username} | Find information on the user with the username supplied as a url query parameter or the current user.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserDisplayNamePut**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userdisplaynameput) | **PUT** /v1/User/display-name | Updates the display name of the current user.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserGet**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userget) | **GET** /v1/User | Get information about the logged in user.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserGetCitizensByUsernameGet**](docs/UserApi.md#v1usergetcitizensbyusernameget) | **GET** /v1/User/getCitizens/{username} | Gets the citizens for the specific user corresponding to the provided username.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserGetGuardiansByUsernameGet**](docs/UserApi.md#v1usergetguardiansbyusernameget) | **GET** /v1/User/getGuardians/{username} | Gets the guardians for the specific user corresponding to the provided username.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserGrayscaleByEnabledPost**](docs/UserApi.md#v1usergrayscalebyenabledpost) | **POST** /v1/User/grayscale/{enabled} | Enables or disables grayscale mode for the currently authenticated user.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserIconDelete**](docs/UserApi.md#v1usericondelete) | **DELETE** /v1/User/icon | Allows the user to delete his profile icon.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserIconPut**](docs/UserApi.md#v1usericonput) | **PUT** /v1/User/icon | Allows the user to update his profile icon.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserLauncherAnimationsByEnabledPost**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userlauncheranimationsbyenabledpost) | **POST** /v1/User/launcher_animations/{enabled} | Enables or disables launcher animations for the currently authenticated user.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserPut**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userput) | **PUT** /v1/User | Updates all the information of the currently authenticated user with the information from the given DTO.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserResourceByUsernamePost**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userresourcebyusernamepost) | **POST** /v1/User/resource/{username} | Adds a resource to the given user's list of resources.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserResourceDelete**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userresourcedelete) | **DELETE** /v1/User/resource | Deletes a resource with the specified id from the given user's list of resources.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserSettingsGet**](docs/UserApi.md#v1usersettingsget) | **GET** /v1/User/settings | Read the currently authorized user's settings object.
*UserApi* | [**V1UserSettingsPut**](docs/UserApi.md#v1usersettingsput) | **PUT** /v1/User/settings | 
*UserApi* | [**V1UserUsernameGet**](docs/UserApi.md#v1userusernameget) | **GET** /v1/User/username | Returns currently logged in users username
*WeekApi* | [**V1WeekByIdDelete**](docs/WeekApi.md#v1weekbyiddelete) | **DELETE** /v1/Week/{id} | Deletes the entire week with the given id.
*WeekApi* | [**V1WeekByIdGet**](docs/WeekApi.md#v1weekbyidget) | **GET** /v1/Week/{id} | Gets the schedule with the specified id.
*WeekApi* | [**V1WeekByIdPut**](docs/WeekApi.md#v1weekbyidput) | **PUT** /v1/Week/{id} | Updates the entire information of the week with the given id.
*WeekApi* | [**V1WeekGet**](docs/WeekApi.md#v1weekget) | **GET** /v1/Week | Gets all week schedule for the currently authenticated user.
*WeekApi* | [**V1WeekPost**](docs/WeekApi.md#v1weekpost) | **POST** /v1/Week | Creates an entirely new week for the current user.
*WeekTemplateApi* | [**V1WeekTemplateByIdGet**](docs/WeekTemplateApi.md#v1weektemplatebyidget) | **GET** /v1/WeekTemplate/{id} | Gets the week template with the specified id.
*WeekTemplateApi* | [**V1WeekTemplateGet**](docs/WeekTemplateApi.md#v1weektemplateget) | **GET** /v1/WeekTemplate | Gets all week schedule for the currently authenticated user.


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [Model.ApplicationOption](docs/ApplicationOption.md)
 - [Model.ChoiceDTO](docs/ChoiceDTO.md)
 - [Model.DepartmentDTO](docs/DepartmentDTO.md)
 - [Model.ForgotPasswordDTO](docs/ForgotPasswordDTO.md)
 - [Model.GirafUserDTO](docs/GirafUserDTO.md)
 - [Model.ImageDTO](docs/ImageDTO.md)
 - [Model.LauncherOptions](docs/LauncherOptions.md)
 - [Model.LauncherOptionsDTO](docs/LauncherOptionsDTO.md)
 - [Model.LoginDTO](docs/LoginDTO.md)
 - [Model.PictogramDTO](docs/PictogramDTO.md)
 - [Model.RegisterDTO](docs/RegisterDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResourceDTO](docs/ResourceDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResourceIdDTO](docs/ResourceIdDTO.md)
 - [Model.Response](docs/Response.md)
 - [Model.ResponseByte](docs/ResponseByte.md)
 - [Model.ResponseChoiceDTO](docs/ResponseChoiceDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseDepartmentDTO](docs/ResponseDepartmentDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseGirafUserDTO](docs/ResponseGirafUserDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseIEnumerableWeekDTO](docs/ResponseIEnumerableWeekDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseImageDTO](docs/ResponseImageDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseLauncherOptions](docs/ResponseLauncherOptions.md)
 - [Model.ResponseLauncherOptionsDTO](docs/ResponseLauncherOptionsDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseListDepartmentDTO](docs/ResponseListDepartmentDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseListGirafUserDTO](docs/ResponseListGirafUserDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseListPictogramDTO](docs/ResponseListPictogramDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseListUserNameDTO](docs/ResponseListUserNameDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponsePictogramDTO](docs/ResponsePictogramDTO.md)
 - [Model.ResponseString](docs/ResponseString.md)
 - [Model.ResponseWeekDTO](docs/ResponseWeekDTO.md)
 - [Model.UserNameDTO](docs/UserNameDTO.md)
 - [Model.WeekDTO](docs/WeekDTO.md)
 - [Model.WeekdayDTO](docs/WeekdayDTO.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

<a name="Bearer"></a>
### Bearer

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header

